what is going on everybody it is the
chick-fil-a cassia bringing you another
premium pack opening video and this
video this card you are looking at right
here is the card that we are gonna be
trying to get the goat Deion Sanders
greatest of all time 102 speed 103 man
coverage 101 zone 100 play rec 99 press
which is kind of funny because we're
talking about dianna 99 press but uh
then ultimate legends like these are
harder to find the Jimmy Hoffa I've
heard so I've been hoping that I'm
finally gonna get one and I've really
been wanting one of these also the night
train lane which still seems to be going
for a crazy amount a million coins ok so
it's dropped but still I want one of
these so bad I've been wanting to get
one and i hope i'll get one in this
premium pack video we are doing right
here so let's go ahead and maybe we can
get one of these most wanted to really
any of these would be pretty cool to get
so let's go ahead and get this premium
pack underweight okay here we go guys we
got the pack oh I cannot wait here we go
first card is a 74 gold card okay okay i
know i feel like we're gonna get
something in this pack I feel like I've
waited long enough Cass 75 okay 76 oh
wait how many cars we got in this pack
we're going one at a time it's gonna
take forever 81 okay there we go all
right Ryan Clark moving on 295 Marshawn
Lynch okay I can live with this this is
he was gone for like 20 k maybe he's
less now but hey at least it's 1015 k
something like that I think so I can
live with that a 95 that's what should
be impacts all right
81 all right 77 okay 95 t.y Hilton okay
but still I know it doesn't go for much
but 295 cards in one pack is better than
the crap that I normally get so I'm okay
with a 93 cliff avril oh I'm seeing all
these 90s I keep one in a ninety nine 70
to do we only have two cars left okay
gotta go from the back 96 Zane Beadles
oh my gosh I can't see it all these
names they're getting silly I want that
99 and the final card is a 80 Mike
Webster well that's disappointing but
still hey not a bad pack we got what 295
a 93 and a 96 so hey at least we're
getting 90s in our packs now and this
would have been the time to get a
premium pack bundle oh well not gonna
spend my money on that that's for sure
but uh hey at least we got something
good in this pack so thanks for watching
guys like subscribe to how your friends
eat more chicken and I will see you guys
all next time peace